README.md, before:

# decathlon_offsite_test

Notes

Q1: 
-> The file is in .sql format

-> This question i use MySQL database as a platform to solve the problem. 

-> I assume the transaction field in csv file doesn't match the accepted format for timestamp in MySQl, so i used function str_to_date to convert back to timestamp. 

-> For items with more than 1 sold / 1 return, i use minimum sold date and maximum return date to calculate the day difference

Q2:
-> We need to install the following packages:

numpy,
pandas

-> Use 'zz_All' to replace 'All' for easier sorting purpose

-> The value is in (%) i.e. 20.03 means 20.03%

-> Fo nan shortage value, i choose to keep nan because nan has its meaning (It means this value is not available)

Q3.
-> We ned to install the following packages:


Q5.
-> We need to install the following packages:

pandas,
numpy,
matplotlib,
sklearn
  
-> Since this time k-means is used with random starting point, the running outcome may varies but most of time we will have the desired results as described on the documents

Commit message:

Update Readme 201911152055
Add the platform (Spyder) used for running .py file

README.md, after:

# decathlon_offsite_test
Platform:

Except Q1, Q2-3 and Q5 use spyder as platform to run the script. Before running the script make sure the working directory is correct (contains the files.)

Notes

Q1: 
-> The file is in .sql format

-> This question i use MySQL database as a platform to solve the problem. 

-> I assume the transaction field in csv file doesn't match the accepted format for timestamp in MySQl, so i used function str_to_date to convert back to timestamp. 

-> For items with more than 1 sold / 1 return, i use minimum sold date and maximum return date to calculate the day difference

Q2:
-> We need to install the following packages:

numpy,
pandas

-> Use 'zz_All' to replace 'All' for easier sorting purpose

-> The value is in (%) i.e. 20.03 means 20.03%

-> Fo nan shortage value, i choose to keep nan because nan has its meaning (It means this value is not available)

Q3.
-> We ned to install the following packages:


Q5.
-> We need to install the following packages:

pandas,
numpy,
matplotlib,
sklearn
  
-> Since this time k-means is used with random starting point, the running outcome may varies but most of time we will have the desired results as described on the documents
